CHAOS-245: Switch StaticTargeting default value to false (#545)
DataDog/chaos-controller: docs/features.md

## Targeting

> **NEW:** StaticTargeting currently defaults to false. Please mention explicitely if you wish to activate it. [Read StaticTargeting](#StaticTargeting-(current-default-behaviour)).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**NEW:** StaticTargeting currently defaults to false. Please mention explicitly if you wish to activate it. [Read StaticTargeting](#StaticTargeting).
```

**NOTE:** If you are targeting pods, the disruption must be created in the same namespace as the targeted pods.

### StaticTargeting

When `StaticTargeting` is activated, targeting is limited to a single target selection at the disruption's creation. It allows for more controlled disruption impact and propagation, as the targets will never change and _can_ be compensated for in case they are made useless. Its major limit is not being able to follow targets through deployments/rollouts.
By setting the `StaticTargeting` flag to `false` -or empty- in the [Disruption's yaml spec](../examples/static_targeting.yaml), there is a constant re-targeting for this disruption. This means at any given time, any target within the selector's scope will be added to the target list and be disrupted.

> This is a feature to use with care, as it can quickly get out of control: per example, a disruption targeting 100% of an application's pod will affect all existing **and** future pods which can appear once the disruption started. As long as this 100% disruption exists, there will be no spared pod.

Reviewer: Given this is our default now, this is a weird way to phrase this?

Author: pushed a rephrasing, should be better now !
